This wife shouldn’t have noticed anything?
There shouldn't be one, but there is one,
From now on, let’s stay at home together.
If you make up a way to waste money,
Our mobile money is gone.
Well, now we share some points with their family,
It's not the time yet.
Later, you will go out early,
From now on, we will still stay in the hotel.
Okay, Naoteng just received a wasted phone call.
It looked like something had happened.
What happens to their family?
What happened? Do I still have my eldest sister Yasuko?
Seeing honest anger
There must be something important
Don't move if you have one now
I'll go check out the honest one
If so, I can come back